In this video, we are going to go ahead
and tackle number 43 here to implement
the Spring Data JPA Pet Service so I'm
going to toggle over to IntelliJ and
knock this one out. Just as a reminder,
we have these other services here. We are
going to be doing the pet service. This
is a map service. I'm going to split this
so we can have some visibility here. I'll
do a split screen as I've been doing for
the other ones. We have the pet type
service, and again, what we want to do is
be marking our implementations with
service and the profile of Spring Data
JPA.
I'm going to go ahead and create the
new Java class for this.
We have followed same name
convention so I'm going to say PetSD
for Spring Data JpaService, like so.
I'm going to paste in those annotations.
This is going to need in the PetRepository. Do private final.
I'm just saying command N to bring up the
constructor, add that in, and now, we want to
say this is going to implement PetService, just like above. We want to
implement service now. We're not
extending out our AbstractMapService
obviously because we are relying on
Spring Data JPA. If I do option enter
implement methods, I can see that brings
that up, and now let's say
Set and this is going to be Pet
pets
and be a new HashSet.
Now what we can do is say our pet
Repository, like so. Dot findAll and then
say forEach
pets. Add using the method reference, our
nice little Java 8 syntax.
Then we want to return back pets, like so.
Now I also have a findById, so we will say petRepository
findById that Long,
and that's going to be aLong.
If we do just get, that's going to
return to a Pet but we'll say or else. So
if it's not present, we're going to return
back a null, like so.
Save is really easy to implement so
we'll say save and that's going to
take in the object.
Here, we are going to say petRepository delete and that's going to
take in the object so it's going to
delete where that is equal. Then
finally, a petRepository will also have
a deleteById. It's going to take in the
Long value, the ID property. So that is
the implementation for our Spring Data JPA
service for our PetService. Key note
is the profile so we don't get duplicate
objects being loaded into the Spring
Context. I showed you earlier in a video
that Spring is not too happy when I
can't figure out which one to wire up. So
again, this was issue number 43 so I'm
going to go ahead and close that out and
we will move on to the next task.